Creating first contributor spotlight page (#3)
jenkins-infra/jenkins-contributor-spotlight: src/pages/contributors/alexander-brandes.adoc

= Alexander Brandes
:page-name: Alexander Brandes
:page-linkedin: 
:page-twitter: NotMyFault_OG
:page-github: NotMyFault
:page-email: 
:page-image: avatar/alexander-brandes.jpg
:page-pronouns: He/Him
:page-location: Kassel, Germany
:page-firstcommit: 2019
:page-featured: true

> :page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and serves on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins Core, multiple plugins, Weekly and Long Term Support releases, and the community.

Reviewer: Are 'Weekly' and 'Long Term Support' proper nouns?

Reviewer 2: They're not, you're right. I would keep LTS that way though.

Author: Thanks @liamfield and @lemeurherve, updated accordingly!

> :page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and has serves on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins core, multiple plugins, weekly and long term support releases, and the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and serves on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins Core, multiple plugins, Weekly and Long Term Support releases, and the community.
```

> :page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and has served  on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins core, multiple plugins, weekly and long term support releases, and the community.

Author: ```suggestion
:page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and has serves on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins core, multiple plugins, weekly and long term support releases, and the community.
```

> When he is not pursuing open-source endeavors, Alexander is a passionate musician and has played the trumpet for more than 15 years, primarily playing jazz and film music. In addition to being the lead trumpet in a band, he also teaches beginners how to play an instrument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When he is not pursuing open-source endeavors, Alexander is a passionate musician and is playing the trumpet since more than 15 years, primarily playing jazz and film music. In addition to being the lead trumpet in a band, he also teaches beginners how to play an instrument.
```
Present tense here too.

Reviewer 3: "for more than" reads better than "since more than", no?

Author: ```suggestion
When he is not pursuing open-source endeavors, Alexander is a passionate musician and has been playing the trumpet for more than 15 years, primarily playing jazz and film music. In addition to being the lead trumpet in a band, he also teaches beginners how to play an instrument.
```
So I updated the text a bit to be more in line with the verbiage, without changing the tense completely. In this case, the present tense is a bit awkward so I think this answers the suggestion from @lemeurherve while keeping the sentence grammatically correct.

== What is your background prior to contributing to Jenkins?

When I was 13, my friends and I discovered the sandbox game _Minecraft_.
Eventually, we created our own Minecraft server without any clue about what we were doing.
The game is written in Java, and can be modified or extended with plugins.
Even though we weren't fully aware of what we were doing, we had a great time with writing our first plugin.
It wasn't any good, considering what I know now, but the few people who played on the server liked it a lot, which still means a lot to me almost a decade later.

> In 2020, we had more than 5k concurrent players every day and grew a discord community made up of around ~250,000 active members, becoming one of the larger Minecraft servers worldwide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In 2020, we had more than 5k concurrent players every day and grew a Discord community made up of around ~250,000 active members, becoming one of the largest Minecraft servers worldwide.
```

It is absolutely inspiring for me to see.

Before I started contributing to Jenkins, I had already contributed to smaller open-source projects.
My contributions primarily focused on Java-based projects and documentation improvements.
These contributions, paired with continuous learning of new languages and technologies, helped improve my knowledge and advance future contributions.

== How long have you been using Jenkins?

I have been using Jenkins since 2019.

== Why choose Jenkins over other projects?

Jenkins maintains a notably low barrier of entry, which makes it attractive to contribute to, regardless of the massive plugin ecosystem around Jenkins.
What I liked the most when I started contributing to Jenkins, is that you can start with small pull requests for plugins, and move on to bigger contributions when you feel more comfortable with the codebase and ecosystem.

Moreover, Jenkins is something I had used before I started contributing.
Therefore, I already had a certain level of experience as an end user, before becoming a contributor.

> That's a key point which made it easier for me to contribute, because I've already been a user of the project, instead of a contributing to a project totally unfamiliar to me.

Reviewer 4: Should "a contributing" be "a contributor" or remove 'a' (before 'contributing')

Author: Thanks for catching that @alyssat! I thought I had cleaned that up but may have missed it when I was converting things over to adoc.

== What problems has Jenkins solved for you?

When I started using Jenkins initially, its primary task was only building a project.
Over the years, my needs shifted and so did my setup.
Nowadays, Jenkins is my all-rounder, handling a multitude of tasks.

I'm using various plugins to deploy artifacts to a Maven repository, aggregate test results and code coverage, and send notifications to Discord when a new build is available.
Additionally, Jenkins has helped me to test pull requests before they land in the default branch.

Jenkins has helped me automate tasks, allowing me to spend my time and energy on more important tasks.

== Is there an aspect of Jenkins that you're particularly passionate about?

The Jenkins project has existed for almost a decade, involving components created around that time that are still being maintained and developed.
Jenkins is great at reforging itself, especially in code.
Constant UI/UX improvements over the years is great to see.

The connection with the community is a keypoint when it comes to running a successful open source project.
Hence, I value the ease of accessibility of the project's chat channels and community forums a lot.

> I greatly appreciate the opportunity to connect with other members of the community with such ease.

Reviewer: Repetition of 'ease'. 
Maybe 'I greatly appreciate the opportunity to connect with other members of the community with such simplicty.'?
or 'I greatly appreciate the opportunity to readily connect with other members of the community.'?

Author: Thanks @liamfield, I was having trouble trying to figure out the best way to rephrase that so the repetition isn't there.

= Alexander Brandes
:page-name: Alexander Brandes
:page-linkedin: 
:page-twitter: NotMyFault_OG
:page-github: NotMyFault
:page-email: 
:page-image: avatar/alexander-brandes.jpg
:page-pronouns: He/Him
:page-location: Kassel, Germany
:page-firstcommit: 2019
:page-featured: true

> :page-intro: Alexander Brandes is an open-source contributor and maintainer and has served  on the Jenkins governance board. He has made contributions to multiple aspects of the Jenkins project including Jenkins core, multiple plugins, weekly and long term support releases, and the community.

Author: That's absolutely right @NotMyFault, thanks for catching that one!

Therefore, I already had a certain level of experience as an end user, before becoming a contributor.
That's a key point which made it easier for me to contribute, because I've already been a user of the project, instead of a contributing to a project totally unfamiliar to me.

== What problems has Jenkins solved for you?

When I started using Jenkins initially, its primary task was only building a project.
Over the years, my needs shifted and so did my setup.
Nowadays, Jenkins is my all-rounder, handling a multitude of tasks.

I'm using various plugins to deploy artifacts to a Maven repository, aggregate test results and code coverage, and send notifications to Discord when a new build is available.
Additionally, Jenkins has helped me to test pull requests before they land in the default branch.

Jenkins has helped me automate tasks, allowing me to spend my time and energy on more important tasks.

== Is there an aspect of Jenkins that you're particularly passionate about?

The Jenkins project has existed for almost a decade, involving components created around that time that are still being maintained and developed.
Jenkins is great at reforging itself, especially in code.

> Constant UI/UX improvements over the years or adapting new technologies, like Java, is great to see.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Constant UI/UX improvements over the years is great to see.
```
Jenkins has always been a Java-based project.

> The connection with the community must be highlighted.
> Keeping up with the times is a must.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The connection with the community is a keypoint when it comes to running a successful open source project.
```
